Introduction/Business Problem 
  The area of Seattle, Washington is one of the largest seaport towns in the Western Washington state, with over 700,000 people living in one location. Along with a bustling economy and foot traffic, their's no wonder why there are traffic accidents every day. According to Colburn Law's Website (2020), "in 2015, a [car] crash occurred in Washington every 4.5 minutes."Several hundred individuals die on these roadways each year to where the local government wants to use data analysis to figure out the leading causes of these incidents, as well as to see if there are any predictable variables within these accidents that they can use to adjust their roadways and/or traffic flow. 

Data
After obtaining a greater understanding of the issues with traffic accidents in the Seattle, Washington area, I decided to use the sample "Data-Collisions.csv" file to assist in the the prediction of traffic accidents' severity. These data contain roughly 16 years (2004-2020) of traffic accidents that not only include pedestrian and vehicle involvement, but also have road conditions and weather at the time of the accident.  The specific data that I am focusing on is using the Pearson R correlative values across the data set, those being, the number of pedestrians in the various mediums (e.g., in vehicles, bicycles, walking, etc.) , the number of vehicles involved, and other environmental factors that may have contributed to the accidents (e.g., weather, road conditions, lighting, etc.). Additionally, I am also reviewing the time of the year, based on seasons, to which I Googled to review the seasons in Seattle, to see if the time of the year or time of day played a role in these accidents. If it is found that time and or inattention was a leading factor, then some suggestions could be made to use some car restrictions at the higher volumes to hopefully reduce these incidents. 

Reference
Colburn Law (2020) 2019 Washington State Car Accident and Statistics & Reports. https://www.colburnlaw.com/seattle-traffic-accidents/
